alright guys this is jason max I'm along
with the matt hardy former TNA and fwe
story hasn't nobody begging are we doing
very good but you had a pretty brutal
match tonight and gets Masato you want
to tell us anything about that here at
iwa east coast yeah it was very
aggressive very physical and it was kind
of fun for me to work that solid match
because it's very unorthodox very
different from what I typically do you
know Masada obviously from Japan was
very strong style during physical style
there's a little bit of clash for
themselves but I think the people they
came here tonight and pay tuna you know
watch the idea being is kosher got a
hell naw shit I think they definitely
were entertained enjoy the song
absolutely i will agree with it the
burning question going on with us right
now is you work for iwe east coast
you've done a lot of indie shows lately
what's moving you more in the direction
of hindi compared to going to TNA or w/e
again knowing we know you're doing some
Ring of Honor stuff as well right now
right but what about indeed more than
the mainstream honestly right now
something I kind of discovered is you
know I enjoy working with them to be I
really did my body got really beat up
I've got a lot of bone chips and bone
spurs on my lower back and hips and I've
had a three non invasive surgical
procedures of lasers trying to run these
and milk them down I've got EVPs yoga to
start in on the trend bergamasque
artists you're basically trying to get
healthy I don't think my body is ready
to do for five days a week now have you
did one or two and still be physically
in top shape then take five or six days
and trained really hard and try get
healthy so on top of you on that that's
one of the beneficial reasons the second
thing is just that I don't wanna be
under contract and right now I'm getting
ready to shoot a small role it'll be
coming up I've got a whole bunch of
other projects that I'm working on
trying to grow on and now that when
you're under contract is just like you
are property of whoever you work for now
specialist is WV dota so this just helps
really about the stress a lot of
pressure I cannot schedule if I was too
injured to hurt I don't have to work
through things or I don't have to worry
about pocket edition part of your spot
or keeping a spot and it's really
helping sports being stress free and
also killing all the pressure and for me
it's kind of reminded me why I got into
this crazy this is in first place but
this my passion is bad of loving just to
go out entertained advance whether
there's you know for 500 people I go
tonight or there's you know 50,000 you
know it
sylvania I mean when it's all said and
done anybody who gets in this business
and stays in it for any amount of time
does it because their passion and they
love what they do and there's times
anyone can tell you this had a
multi-tier unlike in a WB where you can
question yourselves like a lot doing
this I hate this and and it really sucks
when something you're so passionate on
you love you grew up it one of your
dream as a child to for you to kind of
turn against and going I hate this is
like a regular area job that everyone do
you know so I kind of was in a bad place
for a while especially with that mind
saying just physically so beat up and
damaged and now that I've had time off
of my body healing I've done some things
actually take care of my body I'm really
enjoying rustling in and it's been
really fun to kind of rediscover and
fondle the whole business again and on
top of that it's also been great to go
work a variety of opponents you know all
across the country you know sami
callihan of our food was really good you
know Mossad was someone very different
night last night with chase Stevens I
work everyone you can end up anybody
who's out there I've been able to have a
match with them and enjoy it and it's
just different because now there's
nobody to say you can't do this you
can't do this you know and I get free
trade of controlling this part of it
except passion burning in a lot so it's
just a bunch of a positive number
Russell before which I enjoy because
that I feel like it helps brighten me as
a performer and on top of that just my
creative juices reform more than ever
before they have so much creative
control there you go so how is it
touring with a reby sky her restaurant
as well that's not fun it's been fun for
me and I take a lot of problem like a
proud papa you know you know it's
probably discuss the fences robama you
know but I'm a very proud spouse and
boyfriend because uh you know I've seen
her she's really only been wrestling
fool Thompson's January and she's just
improved exponentially it's in it's
insane how good she's gotten like you
know she got a tough gig because you
know she's done Playboy and she modeled
for many years and she started you know
by doing a radio show busted open spread
the biggest show this on XM radio she
was a poster that she's very
knowledgeable about the wrestling
business she showed lucha libre USA you
and commentary announcing interviews
backstage and then sometime during a
match you got kid and ended up getting
taken bob and you know getting involved
in the action and i can tell you this
you're in the wrestling business and
you're working for anyone that person
I'm you take a look you're going to be
having a match before Saul said
so one thing led to another she ended up
being in a match there were dating each
other time and I hope trainer getting
ready a little bit and when she did that
she knows she liked it you know and
she's just brilliant like my website
which is Matt Hardy brand calm and you
know my shop shop Matt Hardy calm she
built what those from scratch you know
she does all my videos she goes on my
graphic she's amazing with all that
stuff she's a good athlete too now she's
just like toughen up and she's just so
smart she's so intellectual what she
thinks she just really learned benomyl
process information so quick and not
only you know does she do her own match
we go back and we watch it you know
several times and I'm trying to you know
pick it apart critique her stuff she
watches mom answers very close usually
she's a ringside and she sees little
things I do and you know we're going to
car ride and I love driving for three or
four hours just talking about the
business and talking about matches in
psychology and different different ways
your character in work especially
against other characters personalities
and she says she's truth I was student
of the game and you know hats off to her
she's a smaller girl that is a gorgeous
girl but she's also really tough there
you go so what can we look forward to
seeing that am a party upcoming look
what he said I have a couple places that
you know have some promising television
coming along and I'm going to do that
like I said my main goal is to be free
and to be able to do what I can you know
and just keep my passion right where I
feel like I'm in creative control of my
heart Ian the minority brand so to say
have some subliminal honor which i think
the ideas that we've been throwing
around or really good they're going to
be different no one's ever done that
before and I would fit it to a tee kind
of what we thought about my character my
person my back you know my background my
knowledge so that's going to be a lot of
fun and you know there's these other
television things I just want to help
give back as much as I can right now bye
I've been given so much knowledge about
gossip michael hayes and stone cold and
you know triple agent all these guys are
worth living an undertaker you know and
obviously get that back to some of the
newer younger guys and you know help
them grow and I want to do I can you
know keep the lifeblood this business
alive and that's the passion you know
and that's the young guys who have that
dream too
copy the world and you know be the
champion of all champions awesome done
you know and just make themselves better
every day and how risks against someone
else with racing its themselves to
always improve themselves so right now
that's why I'm at you know for the next
few months the mini future will Matt we
appreciate being here da wa East Coast
and being on to the maxim is there
anything else you'd like to say before
we go to your little game efforts out
there sure at all IM efforts if you're
new fans s management followers it's not
you're running for statement it's a
possible i just like to say thank you
for supporting my party really happy to
be here i'm really happy i still have a
room support especially are you guys
have been with me through a good bath
upstairs thick and then and i can tell
you it took me a lot a lot of years and
I'd like to discover who I truly am but
I have finally found it not I feel like
I have a lot to give back because I've
been gifted with so much in life and
blessed with so many great opportunities
experiences but right now I just want to
tell everyone that's out there that has
followed me and supported me and still
does support me thank you very much
without you there would be no me and
from the bottom of heart i love each
other like all right this is matt lauria
jason max I'm 42 the maxima nada because
we'll see you in a circuit but you man
take it easy adios keep coming back I
got a family to feed